..
  # SPDX-FileCopyrightText: Copyright (c) 2022-2023 NVIDIA CORPORATION & AFFILIATES. All rights reserved.
  # SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
  #
  # Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  # you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  # You may obtain a copy of the License at
  #
  # http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  #
  # Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  # distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  # WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  # See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  # limitations under the License.

.. _v0.5.0-beta:

Beta.3
======

CV-CUDA 0.5.0 is a major release of the library providing multiple new operators, features, and fixes to multiple customer-reported issues.

Release Highlights
------------------

CV-CUDA v0.5.0 includes the following key changes:

* **New Operators**:
  * FindHomography: Calculates a perspective transform from four pairs of the corresponding points
  * Label: Labels connected regions in an image using 4-way connectivity for foreground and 8-way for background pixels
  * PairwiseMatcher: Matches features computed separately (e.g. via the SIFT operator) in two images using the brute force method
  * Stack: Concatenates two input tensors into a single output tensor

* **New Features**:
  * Added `TensorBatch` in C++ and Python, a container type that can hold a list of non-uniformly shaped tensors
  * Added `Workspace` in C++ and Python, an abstraction of memory and asynchronous resources for CV-CUDA operators
  * Added better color format support in nvcv_types
  * New sample application for the `Label` operator
  * JetPack 5.1.2 support for L4T (Jetson Orin, L4T 35.4.1, CUDA 11.4)
  * Enhanced documentation

* **Bug Fixes**:
  * Resolved memory leak in `NvBlurBoxes`
  * Fixed segmentation fault issue in Python with certain imports
  * Corrected `typestr` format issue in `__cuda_array_interface__`
  * Addressed occasional hanging in `OpBoxBlur` on RGBA images

Compatibility
-------------

* GPU Compute Capability: 7+.x
* Ubuntu x86_64: 20.04, 22.04
* CUDA Toolkit: 11.7+ (11.2+ for library build and run)
* L4T: 35.4.1, JetPack 5.1.2 aarch64
* GCC: 11.0+ (9.x and 10.x for APIs with pre-built binary)
* Python: 3.8, 3.10

Known Issues/Limitations
------------------------

* For GCC versions lower than 11.0, C++17 support needs to be enabled when compiling CV-CUDA.

License
-------

CV-CUDA is licensed under the `Apache 2.0 <https://github.com/CVCUDA/CV-CUDA/blob/main/LICENSE.md>`_ license.

Resources
---------

1. `CV-CUDA GitHub <https://github.com/CVCUDA/CV-CUDA>`_
2. `CV-CUDA Increasing Throughput and Reducing Costs for AI-Based Computer Vision with CV-CUDA <https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/increasing-throughput-and-reducing-costs-for-computer-vision-with-cv-cuda/>`_
3. `NVIDIA Announces Microsoft, Tencent, Baidu Adopting CV-CUDA for Computer Vision AI <https://blogs.nvidia.com/blog/2023/03/21/cv-cuda-ai-computer-vision/>`_
4. `CV-CUDA helps Tencent Cloud audio and video PaaS platform achieve full-process GPU acceleration for video enhancement AI <https://developer.nvidia.com/zh-cn/blog/cv-cuda-high-performance-image-processing/>`_

Acknowledgements
----------------

CV-CUDA is developed jointly by NVIDIA and the ByteDance Machine Learning team.
